Reflection 1



Ques..

How did viewing a difference between two versions of a file help

you see bug that was introduced?

Ans..

Because we can now compare the changes that we intoduced in the

new version which in turn would help us to know that where we 

might have acccidentally made an error.



Ques..

How could having easy access to entire history of a file make

you a more efficient programmer?

Ans..

If we have a history of all the versions of a particular file 

then we can see that how the progress was made, also it would be

very handy in case of finding bugs. A record of all versions

can help one to understand his code even after a very long time.



Ques..

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing 

when to create a commit and when not?

Ans...

Pros

 Commits made by us make some logical sense

 They usually are free of syntatical errors which might be

 introduced by the software which commits automatically.

Cons

 Most of the we humans fail to decide when should they commit and when not.



Ques...

Why do you think some version control system like Git allow 

saving multiple files in one commit while some like google docs dont?

Ans...

This is probably because the the users of google docs are

normal people who really don't bother about various versions 

whereas the users of Git are software developers who need to 

save time and keep track of multiple files in their projects.



Ques...

How can you use commands like git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Ans...

We can use command git log to get log of all the commits along

with their commit ID and information about them. Then we can 

use command git diff to view the diff between various commmits.



Ques...

How might using version control make you more confident to make change that could break something?

Ans...

When we are using version control then we are sure that if at

any point of time any bug gets introduced then we can move back

to a previous version and remove that bug This in turn makes us

more cofident in introducing new changes to our softwares.



